# 총평

# 문제 77 - 틀림

A company needs to configure a real-time data ingestion(=수집) architecture for its application. The company needs an API, a process that transforms data as the data is streamed, and a storage solution for the data.
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead(=간접비)?

  - A. Deploy an Amazon EC2 instance to host an API that sends data to an Amazon Kinesis data stream. Create an Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose delivery stream that uses the Kinesis data stream as a data source. Use AWS Lambda functions to transform the data. Use the Kinesis Data Firehose delivery stream to send the data to Amazon S3.
  - B. Deploy an Amazon EC2 instance to host an API that sends data to AWS Glue. Stop source/destination checking on the EC2 instance. Use AWS Glue to transform the data and to send the data to Amazon S3.
  - C. Configure an Amazon API Gateway API to send data to an Amazon Kinesis data stream. Create an Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose delivery stream that uses the Kinesis data stream as a data source. Use AWS Lambda functions to transform the data. Use the Kinesis Data Firehose delivery stream to send the data to Amazon S3.
  - D. Configure an Amazon API Gateway API to send data to AWS Glue. Use AWS Lambda functions to transform the data. Use AWS Glue to send the data to Amazon S3.

<details>
<summary>정답 및 해설</summary>

<!-- summary 아래 한칸 공백 두어야함 -->
> 정답: C
- (A) - You don't need to deploy an EC2 instance to host an API - Operational overhead
- (B) - Same as A
- (**C**) - Is the answer
- (D) - AWS Glue gets data from S3, not from API GW. AWS Glue could do ETL by itself, so don't need lambda. Non sense.

[Q77](https://www.examtopics.com/discussions/amazon/view/85740-exam-aws-certified-solutions-architect-associate-saa-c03/)
</details>   

# 문제 78 - 틀림

A company needs to keep user transaction data in an Amazon DynamoDB table. The company must retain the data for 7 years.
What is the MOST operationally efficient solution that meets these requirements?

 - A. Use DynamoDB point-in-time recovery to back up the table continuously.
 - B. Use AWS Backup to create backup schedules and retention policies for the table.
 - C. Create an on-demand backup of the table by using the DynamoDB console. Store the backup in an Amazon S3 bucket. Set an S3 Lifecycle configuration for the S3 bucket.
 - D. Create an Amazon EventBridge (Amazon CloudWatch Events) rule to invoke an AWS Lambda function. Configure the Lambda function to back up the table and to store the backup in an Amazon S3 bucket. Set an S3 Lifecycle configuration for the S3 bucket.

<details>
<summary>정답 및 해설</summary>

<!-- summary 아래 한칸 공백 두어야함 -->
> 정답: B
 - A. 온디맨드 백업은 장기적인 아카이빙 및 보존을 위해 설계되었으며, 일반적으로 고객이 규정 준수 및 규제 요구사항을 충족하도록 지원하는 데 사용됩니다. 이것은 AWS Backup을 사용하여 Amazon DynamoDB에 대한 예약된 온디맨드 백업을 설정하는 것에 대한 일련의 두 번째 블로그 게시물입니다. 1부에서는 AWS Management Console에서 DynamoDB 테이블에 대한 예약된 백업을 설정하는 단계를 설명합니다."  
 - B. "Amazon DynamoDB는 PITR(특정 시점 복구) 및 온디맨드 백업의 두 가지 유형의 백업을 제공합니다.  
 - C. https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/database/part-2-set-up-scheduled-backups-for-amazon-dynamodb-using-aws-backup/  
 - D. PITR은 35일 동안 롤링 윈도우에서 임의의 시점으로 테이블을 복구하는 데 사용됩니다. 이는 고객이 잘못된 코드, 악의적인 액세스 또는 사용자 오류로부터 테이블에 실수로 인한 삭제 또는 쓰기를 완화하는 데 도움이 됩니다.

[Q78](https://www.examtopics.com/discussions/amazon/view/85742-exam-aws-certified-solutions-architect-associate-saa-c03/)
</details>

# 문제 79 - 맞음

A company is planning to use an Amazon DynamoDB table for data storage. The company is concerned about cost optimization. The table will not be used on most mornings. In the evenings, the read and write traffic will often be unpredictable. When traffic spikes occur, they will happen very quickly.
What should a solutions architect recommend?

 - A. Create a DynamoDB table in on-demand capacity mode.
 - B. Create a DynamoDB table with a global secondary index.
 - C. Create a DynamoDB table with provisioned capacity and auto scaling.
 - D. Create a DynamoDB table in provisioned capacity mode, and configure it as a global table.


<details>
<summary>정답 및 해설</summary>

<!-- summary 아래 한칸 공백 두어야함 -->
> 정답: A

[Q79](https://www.examtopics.com/discussions/amazon/view/85743-exam-aws-certified-solutions-architect-associate-saa-c03/)
</details>

# 문제 80

A company recently signed a contract with an AWS Managed Service Provider (MSP) Partner for help with an application migration initiative. A solutions architect needs ta share an Amazon Machine Image (AMI) from an existing AWS account with the MSP Partner's AWS account. The AMI is backed by Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) and uses an AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) customer managed key to encrypt EBS volume snapshots.
What is the MOST secure way for the solutions architect to share the AMI with the MSP Partner's AWS account?

 - A. Make the encrypted AMI and snapshots publicly available. Modify the key policy to allow the MSP Partner's AWS account to use the key.
- B. Modify the launchPermission property of the AMI. Share the AMI with the MSP Partner's AWS account only. Modify the key policy to allow the MSP Partner's AWS account to use the key.
- C. Modify the launchPermission property of the AMI. Share the AMI with the MSP Partner's AWS account only. Modify the key policy to trust a new KMS key that is owned by the MSP Partner for encryption.
- D. Export the AMI from the source account to an Amazon S3 bucket in the MSP Partner's AWS account, Encrypt the S3 bucket with a new KMS key that is owned by the MSP Partner. Copy and launch the AMI in the MSP Partner's AWS account.

<details>
<summary>정답 및 해설</summary>

<!-- summary 아래 한칸 공백 두어야함 -->
> 정답: 

[Q80](https://www.examtopics.com/discussions/amazon/view/85606-exam-aws-certified-solutions-architect-associate-saa-c03/)
</details>

# 문제 81

A solutions architect is designing the cloud architecture for a new application being deployed on AWS. The process should run in parallel while adding and removing application nodes as needed based on the number of jobs to be processed. The processor application is stateless. The solutions architect must ensure that the application is loosely coupled and the job items are durably stored.
Which design should the solutions architect use?

 - A. Create an Amazon SNS topic to send the jobs that need to be processed. Create an Amazon Machine Image (AMI) that consists of the processor application. Create a launch configuration that uses the AMI. Create an Auto Scaling group using the launch configuration. Set the scaling policy for the Auto Scaling group to add and remove nodes based on CPU usage.
- B. Create an Amazon SQS queue to hold the jobs that need to be processed. Create an Amazon Machine Image (AMI) that consists of the processor application. Create a launch configuration that uses the AMI. Create an Auto Scaling group using the launch configuration. Set the scaling policy for the Auto Scaling group to add and remove nodes based on network usage.
- C. Create an Amazon SQS queue to hold the jobs that need to be processed. Create an Amazon Machine Image (AMI) that consists of the processor application. Create a launch template that uses the AMI. Create an Auto Scaling group using the launch template. Set the scaling policy for the Auto Scaling group to add and remove nodes based on the number of items in the SQS queue.
- D. Create an Amazon SNS topic to send the jobs that need to be processed. Create an Amazon Machine Image (AMI) that consists of the processor application. Create a launch template that uses the AMI. Create an Auto Scaling group using the launch template. Set the scaling policy for the Auto Scaling group to add and remove nodes based on the number of messages published to the SNS topic.

<details>
<summary>정답 및 해설</summary>

<!-- summary 아래 한칸 공백 두어야함 -->
> 정답: 

[Q81](https://www.examtopics.com/discussions/amazon/view/86621-exam-aws-certified-solutions-architect-associate-saa-c03/)
</details>

# 문제 82

A company hosts its web applications in the AWS Cloud. The company configures Elastic Load Balancers to use certificates that are imported into AWS Certificate Manager (ACM). The company's security team must be notified 30 days before the expiration of each certificate.
What should a solutions architect recommend to meet this requirement?

 - A. Add a rule in ACM to publish a custom message to an Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) topic every day, beginning 30 days before any certificate will expire.
- B. Create an AWS Config rule that checks for certificates that will expire within 30 days. Configure Amazon EventBridge (Amazon CloudWatch Events) to invoke a custom alert by way of Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) when AWS Config reports a noncompliant resource.
- C. Use AWS Trusted Advisor to check for certificates that will expire within 30 days. Create an Amazon CloudWatch alarm that is based on Trusted Advisor metrics for check status changes. Configure the alarm to send a custom alert by way of Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS).
- D. Create an Amazon EventBridge (Amazon CloudWatch Events) rule to detect any certificates that will expire within 30 days. Configure the rule to invoke an AWS Lambda function. Configure the Lambda function to send a custom alert by way of Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS).

<details>
<summary>정답 및 해설</summary>

<!-- summary 아래 한칸 공백 두어야함 -->
> 정답: 

[Q82](https://www.examtopics.com/discussions/amazon/view/85615-exam-aws-certified-solutions-architect-associate-saa-c03/)
</details>

# 문제 83

A company's dynamic website is hosted using on-premises servers in the United States. The company is launching its product in Europe, and it wants to optimize site loading times for new European users. The site's backend must remain in the United States. The product is being launched in a few days, and an immediate solution is needed.
What should the solutions architect recommend?

- A. Launch an Amazon EC2 instance in us-east-1 and migrate the site to it.
- B. Move the website to Amazon S3. Use Cross-Region Replication between Regions.
- C. Use Amazon CloudFront with a custom origin pointing to the on-premises servers.
- D. Use an Amazon Route 53 geoproximity routing policy pointing to on-premises servers.

<details>
<summary>정답 및 해설</summary>

<!-- summary 아래 한칸 공백 두어야함 -->
> 정답: 

[Q83](https://www.examtopics.com/discussions/amazon/view/85902-exam-aws-certified-solutions-architect-associate-saa-c03/)
</details>

# 문제 84

A company wants to reduce the cost of its existing three-tier web architecture. The web, application, and database servers are running on Amazon EC2 instances for the development, test, and production environments. The EC2 instances average 30% CPU utilization during peak hours and 10% CPU utilization during non-peak hours.
The production EC2 instances run 24 hours a day. The development and test EC2 instances run for at least 8 hours each day. The company plans to implement automation to stop the development and test EC2 instances when they are not in use.
Which EC2 instance purchasing solution will meet the company's requirements MOST cost-effectively?

- A. Use Spot Instances for the production EC2 instances. Use Reserved Instances for the development and test EC2 instances.
- B. Use Reserved Instances for the production EC2 instances. Use On-Demand Instances for the development and test EC2 instances.
- C. Use Spot blocks for the production EC2 instances. Use Reserved Instances for the development and test EC2 instances.
- D. Use On-Demand Instances for the production EC2 instances. Use Spot blocks for the development and test EC2 instances.

<details>
<summary>정답 및 해설</summary>

<!-- summary 아래 한칸 공백 두어야함 -->
> 정답: 

[Q84](https://www.examtopics.com/discussions/amazon/view/85665-exam-aws-certified-solutions-architect-associate-saa-c03/)
</details>

# 문제 85

A company has a production web application in which users upload documents through a web interface or a mobile app. According to a new regulatory requirement. new documents cannot be modified or deleted after they are stored.
What should a solutions architect do to meet this requirement?

- A. Store the uploaded documents in an Amazon S3 bucket with S3 Versioning and S3 Object Lock enabled.
- B. Store the uploaded documents in an Amazon S3 bucket. Configure an S3 Lifecycle policy to archive the documents periodically.
- C. Store the uploaded documents in an Amazon S3 bucket with S3 Versioning enabled. Configure an ACL to restrict all access to read-only.
- D. Store the uploaded documents on an Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) volume. Access the data by mounting the volume in read-only mode.

<details>
<summary>정답 및 해설</summary>

<!-- summary 아래 한칸 공백 두어야함 -->
> 정답: 

[Q85](https://www.examtopics.com/discussions/amazon/view/85751-exam-aws-certified-solutions-architect-associate-saa-c03/)
</details>

# 문제 86

A company has several web servers that need to frequently access a common Amazon RDS MySQL Multi-AZ DB instance. The company wants a secure method for the web servers to connect to the database while meeting a security requirement to rotate user credentials frequently.
Which solution meets these requirements?

- A. Store the database user credentials in AWS Secrets Manager. Grant the necessary IAM permissions to allow the web servers to access AWS Secrets Manager.
- B. Store the database user credentials in AWS Systems Manager OpsCenter. Grant the necessary IAM permissions to allow the web servers to access OpsCenter.
- C. Store the database user credentials in a secure Amazon S3 bucket. Grant the necessary IAM permissions to allow the web servers to retrieve credentials and access the database.
- D. Store the database user credentials in files encrypted with AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) on the web server file system. The web server should be able to decrypt the files and access the database.

<details>
<summary>정답 및 해설</summary>

<!-- summary 아래 한칸 공백 두어야함 -->
> 정답: 

[Q86](https://www.examtopics.com/discussions/amazon/view/85753-exam-aws-certified-solutions-architect-associate-saa-c03/)
</details>
